==CODEC==
The voice information can be sent in an analog or a digital version to the communicating devices.  The choice is made to use digital transmission, because it's easier then to implement control codes in the data.  Embedding control codes in analog signals can be quite complicated (e.g. the analog television signal).
This decision has the drawback that an audio CODEC is needed to convert the analog audio signal to its digital version and vice versa.

There is also need of a compression algorithm.  If voice is digitized at 8kHz (8bit), this will give an audio stream of 64kbps.  When both the caller and callee are speaking this will be doubled.  So it's simply too much to send over a wireless channel.

==Modules==
 * Jennic has its JN5319 that transfers speech over an IEEE802.15.4.  The sampling frequency and resolution are selectable.  A sampling rate of 8kHz at a 16bit resolution lead to a raw bit rate of 128kbps.  By use of ADPCM this is reduced by a factor four to 32kbps.  A WM8510 audio codec is used for that job.

==Chips==
 * Si3050 includes a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G.711 ITU-T G.711] codec.
 * AD73311: not chosen.  It delivers 16-bit data.  There is not enough bandwidth to send 16bit data over the wireless channel at the desired sampling rate.
 * TP3054/TP3057 include a [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G.711 ITU-T G.711] codec.
  * The companding algorithm works using µ-law for the TP3054 and A-law for the TP3057.   
 * [http://www.wolfsonmicro.com/products/codecs/WM8510/ WM8510]

==Algorithms==
 * [http://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-G.191/en ITU-T Rec.G.191 Software tools for speech and audio coding standardization]
 * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_audio_codecs Several audio codecs on Wikipedia]

===ITU-T G.711===
 * PCM encoding of 8KHz signals with µ-Law or A-Law results in 64kbps stream.
===ITU-T G.726===
 * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G.726 ITU-T G.726 on Wikipedia]
 * ADPCM speech codec
 * G.727 is a specialized version of the ITU-T G.726 protocol that is intended for packet-based systems using the Packetized Voice Protocol (PVP)
 * Implementations:
  * [https://instruct1.cit.cornell.edu/courses/ee476/FinalProjects/s2006/wc227_rks33/wc227_rks33/index.htm Voice Compression using ADPCM algorithm]
  * [http://ethesis.nitrkl.ac.in/2057/1/Thesis_final.pdf Automatic phone answering machine]
  * [http://www.microchip.com/stellent/idcplg?IdcService=SS_GET_PAGE&nodeId=2680&dDocName=en554168 Microchip Audio Libraries]
===ITU-T G.729a===
 * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G.729 ITU-T G.729a(8kbps)] which is used most in VoIP.
 * Based on ACELP, very complex codec
===Speex===
 * [http://www.microchip.com/stellent/idcplg?IdcService=SS_GET_PAGE&nodeId=2680&dDocName=en554168 Microchip Audio Libraries]