Make it easy for yourself.  Install Linux (you'll be amazed how easy that is) and compile your code.

=Compiling using Code Red for Linux=
 # Download Code Red for Linux
 # Install Code Red for Linux
 # Download nuttx and the applications of nuttx
 # Unpack both tar-files to a directory without spaces, like /home/nxp
 # Remove the version names from the apps and nuttx directories.
 # Now you will have a directory view like:
  * /home/nxp
   * apps
    * examples
    * graphics
    * include
    * ...
   * nuttx
    * arch
    * binfmt
    * configs
    * ...
 # `cd ./nxp/nuttx/tools`
 # Set up which board program you want to develop.  Here it's the "nsh" application for the lpcxpresso board
  * `./configure.sh lpcxpresso-lpc1768/nsh`
 # Open "/nxp/nuttx/.config" using nano,or some other text editor
 # Check that Code Red for Linux is enabled in the toolchain and linker options section:
{{{
#
# Identify toolchain and linker options
#
CONFIG_LPC17_CODESOURCERYW=n
CONFIG_LPC17_CODESOURCERYL=n
CONFIG_LPC17_DEVKITARM=n
CONFIG_LPC17_BUILDROOT=n
CONFIG_LPC17_CODEREDW=n
CONFIG_LPC17_CODEREDL=y
}}}
 # Save the file and close it.
 # Get the directory path of the tools/bin folder of your Code Red installation.
 # Open "/nxp/nuttx/setenv.sh" using nano or other text editor.  Now we also change the toolchain section here:
{{{
# This is where the buildroot might reside on a Linux or Cygwin system
#export TOOLCHAIN_BIN="${WD}/../buildroot/build_arm_nofpu/staging_dir/bin"

# This is the default install location for Code Red on Linux
export TOOLCHAIN_BIN="/usr/local/LPCXpresso/tools/bin"

# This the Cygwin path to the LPCXpresso 3.6 install location under Windows
#export TOOLCHAIN_BIN="/cygdrive/c/nxp/lpcxpresso_3.6/Tools/bin"
}}}
 # Replace the `/usr/local/LPCXpresso/tools/bin` by the correct path to your /tools/bin directory of your Code Red installation (e.g. "/usr/local/lpcxpresso_4.1.5_187/lpcxpresso/tools/bin")
 # Save the file and close it.

=Building your application=
 # `cd /nxp/nuttx`
 # `. ./setenv.sh`
 # `make`

=Debugging your application=
[http://knowledgebase.nxp.com/showthread.php?t=2361&langid=2]