#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Phase 1: Developing telephone interface =
The design of [http://code.google.com/p/openusbfxs/  OpenUsbFxs], as well as the numerous Silicon Labs application notes, were a good starting point for me.
I calculated some component values for the interface myself, but I'll start by using the OpenUsbFxs schematic.  Just to be sure.

The hardware implementation will be different, because I will be using an [http://lpcxpresso.code-red-tech.com/LPCXpresso/ LPCXpresso-board], not a PIC-microcontroller.  So I need to create a baseboard for the LPCXpresso.  

In order to create a more open hardware platform, I decided to design the POTS-interface as an Arduino-shield.
It could also be used for Arduino users (if they want to create software drivers for it).  Maybe an idea for [http://code.google.com/p/potsduino/ POTSduino]?

Anyhow, I'll need three boards: the LPCXpresso, the POTSduino-shield and some kind of baseboard to connect the first two.

== POTSduino shield ==
[http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/POTSduino_large_R0.png http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/POTSduino_small_R0.png]
 * [http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/BRD110731_0.zip PCB-data]
 * [http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/POTSduino_0.PDF PDF-data]

= Phase 2: Developing baseboard =
The POTSduino has been designed as an Arduino-shield.  In this project however, the Arduino will not be used.  Instead of that an LPCduino has been developed.  This LPCduino is actually a baseboard for an LPCXpresso-board, so that LPCXpresso boards can be connected to Arduino shields.

The Arduino has limited computational resources.  This could become a problem in this project, especially if some real-time speech compression needs to be done on board.
So some kind of "speed upgrade" of the Arduino was needed.  At the time of writing, boards like the [http://www.digilentinc.com/Products/Catalog.cfm?NavPath=2,892&Cat=18 chipKIT Uno32 and the chipKIT Max32] didn't exist yet.  Developing a pin-compatible LPCduino came as a logical next step.

== LPCduino shield ==
[http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/LPCduino_0.png http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/LPCduino_0_small.png]
 * [http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/LPCduino_0.PDF PDF-data]