Building NuttX under Windows can be quite challenging, because NuttX has been designed for Linux environments.
Running Windows, using Cygwin is the closest we can get to that environment.
The procedure below describes how to set up your ARM toolchain for building NuttX.

=Building your toolchain=
 # Download Cygwin-packages
 # Install Cygwin in c:\cygwin
 # Add c:\cygwin\bin IN FRONT OF your windows PATH variable.
  * Control Panel -> System -> Advanced System Settings -> Environment Variables... -> System Variables -> Path
  * Test if you did this correctly by opening a command prompt and typing "find".  The find-function of cygwin should be executed now, not the windows "find".
  * The cygwin "find" will start showing a lot of paths.  Press Ctrl-C to stop it. The Windows "find" will say that some parameter is missing.
 # Download buildroot and nuttx and the applications of nuttx
 # Unpack both tar-files to a directory without spaces, like c:\nxp
 # Remove the version names from the buildroot, apps and nuttx directories.
 # Now you will have a directory view like:
  * c:\nxp\
   * apps
    * examples
    * graphics
    * include
    * ...
   * buildroot
    * configs
    * package
    * toolchain
    * ...
   * nuttx
    * arch
    * binfmt
    * configs
    * ...
 # Right-click "C:\cygwin\bin\rxvt.exe" and run it as Administrator.  rxvt is a command shell.  All commands following here, must be typed in that command shell.
 # `cd /cygdrive/c/nxp/nuttx/tools`
 # Set up which board program you want to develop.  Here it's the nsh for the lpcxpresso board
  * `./configure.sh lpcxpresso-lpc1768/nsh`
 # Open "c:\nxp\nuttx\.config" using textpad,or some other program that can open/save files in Unix format.
 # Enable buildroot in the toolchain and linker options section:
{{{
#
# Identify toolchain and linker options
#
CONFIG_LPC17_CODESOURCERYW=n
CONFIG_LPC17_CODESOURCERYL=n
CONFIG_LPC17_DEVKITARM=n
CONFIG_LPC17_BUILDROOT=y
CONFIG_LPC17_CODEREDW=n
CONFIG_LPC17_CODEREDL=n
}}}
 # Save the file and close it.
 # Open "c:\nxp\nuttx\setenv.sh" using textpad,or some other program that can open/save files in Unix format.  Now we also change the toolchain section here:
{{{
# This is where the buildroot might reside on a Linux or Cygwin system
export TOOLCHAIN_BIN="${WD}/../buildroot/build_arm_nofpu/staging_dir/bin"

# This is the default install location for Code Red on Linux
# export TOOLCHAIN_BIN="/usr/local/LPCXpresso/tools/bin"

# This the Cygwin path to the LPCXpresso 3.6 install location under Windows
#export TOOLCHAIN_BIN="/cygdrive/c/nxp/lpcxpresso_3.6/Tools/bin"
}}}
 # Save the file and close it.
 # Go back to rxvt.
 # `cd /cygdrive/c/nxp/buildroot`
 # `cp configs/cortexm3-defconfig-4.3.3 .config`    
  * Remark there's a space between the "4.3.3" and the ".config"
 # `make oldconfig`
  * Don't change any option unless you know what you're doing.
 # `make`
  * When you've done everything right, then this command will start building your ARM-toolchain.  This will take a while...and a while... 1h 45mins on a 2GHz, 2GB RAM laptop.

=Building your application=
 # `cd /cygdrive/c/nxp/nuttx`
 # `. ./setenv.sh`
 # `make`

=Debugging your application=
[http://knowledgebase.nxp.com/showthread.php?t=2361&langid=2]