=Shield=
==Component selection==
===No telephony hardware===
 * [https://www.sparkfun.com/products/9803 Bluetooth Portable Rotary Phone - Black]
  * Needs significant changes to the original telephone hardware.
===Modules solutions===
 * [http://www.silvertel.com/tel_products.htm Silvertel SLICs]
  * Some have integrated ringing generator, no HV needed.
  * No DTMF decoding
  * ADC/DAC needed (maybe MCU peripheral)
  * Hard/Expensive to get (shipping costs are a multiple of the value of the module)
 * E-tross China copies
  * QCX601 =? AG1170
  * MX801 =? AG1171
  * QCX2102
 * R-tone China copies
  * [http://www.r-tone.com/en/ProductList.asp?SortID=19 KS0835, KS0805, ...]
  * [http://www.aliexpress.com/store/product/RING-SLIC-module-KS0835F-same-as-AG1171-AG1170/203008_535930990.html I ordered KS0835F product here (cheap & fast delivery)]
  * [http://www.r-tone.com/Upload/DownFiles/KS0835F_SLIC_SPEC_V1_1.pdf Datasheet of KS0835F]
   * KS0835F = AG1171
   * KS0835F is much cheaper than SI3210 + SI3201
   * Much easier to implement
   * It's a separate module, so maybe you'll need a bigger housing.
===Single chip solutions===
Search on the internet for: [http://lmgtfy.com/?q=SLIC+interface SLIC-interface]
 * Intersil HC55185:
  * Yet to be investigated.
  * Available at [http://be.mouser.com/ProductDetail/Intersil/HC55185DIMZ/?qs=%2fha2pyFaduh7RyBEUrtKaUaC43acXUnqGr8WYToSvGQ%3d Mouser]
  * €6.83/pce
 * STLC3080: not chosen, can't create ringing signal automatically
 * STLC3075: 
  * created especially for wireless local loops
  * it's hard to get (not available at RS, Farnell, Mouser, Digikey)
  * ST states it as an obsolete component
 * *[http://www.silabs.com/Marcom%20Documents/Resources/Si3210ProductBrief.pdf Si3210-FT]*
  * active high for enabling DC for ringer
  * € 7,84 at Mouser
  * Extra Si3201-GS (€1.83) needed, or using lots of discrete components
 * [http://www.silabs.com/Marcom%20Documents/Resources/Si3210ProductBrief.pdf SI3210-GT] 
  * active low for enabling DC for ringer
  * € 7,03 at Mouser
  * Extra Si3201-GS (€1.83) needed, or using lots of discrete components
  * When ringer is needed, this circuit can not work on 3.3V (datasheet table 21)
 * Si3215 & Si3216 are harder to get (non-stock at Mouser)


The design of [http://code.google.com/p/openusbfxs/  OpenUsbFxs], as well as the numerous Silicon Labs application notes, were a good starting point for me.
I calculated some component values for the interface myself, but I'll start by using the OpenUsbFxs schematic.  Just to be sure.

== Hardware design ==

In order to create a more open hardware platform, I decided to design the POTS-interface as an Arduino-shield.
It could also be used for Arduino users (if they want to create software drivers for it).  Maybe an idea for [http://code.google.com/p/potsduino/ POTSduino]?

[http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/POTSduino_large_R0.png http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/POTSduino_small_R0.png]

Revision 0
 * [http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/BRD110731_0.zip PCB-data]
 * [http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/POTSduino_0.PDF PDF-data]

Revision 1
 * [http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/BRD111107_1.zip PCB-data]
 * [http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/BRD111107_R1.00.PDF PDF-data]

Revision 2
 * [http://telephonewll.googlecode.com/files/BRD111107_2.JPG Picture]

=Baseboard=
Several options possible:
 * [http://www.arduino.cc/ Arduino]
 * [chipkitInstallation chipKIT]
 * [http://netduino.com/netduino/ Netduino]
 * Creating a baseboard with [HardwareDevelopment LPCXpresso]